“But look here,” said the Colonel, “you must consider the philosophy
of scarecrows. In theory, that is supposed to convince some rather
simple-minded bird that I am walking in my garden. That thing with
the unmentionable hat is Me. A trifle sketchy, perhaps. Sort of
impressionist portrait; but hardly likely to impress. Man with a hat
like that would never be really firm with a sparrow. Conflict of wills,
and all that, and I bet the sparrow would come out on top. By the way,
what’s that stick tied on to it?”

“I believe, sir,” said Archer, “that it is supposed to represent a gun.”

“Held at a highly unconvincing angle,” observed Crane. “Man with a hat
like that would be sure to miss.”

“Would you desire me to procure another hat?” inquired the patient
Archer.

“No, no,” answered his master carelessly. “As the poor fellow’s got
such a rotten hat, I’ll give him mine. Like the scene of St. Martin and
the beggar.”

“Give him yours,” repeated Archer respectfully, but faintly.

The Colonel took off his burnished top-hat and gravely placed it on
the head of the South Sea idol at his feet. It had a queer effect of
bringing the grotesque lump of stone to life, as if a goblin in a
top-hat was grinning at the garden.

“You think the hat shouldn’t be quite new?” he inquired almost
anxiously. “Not done among the best scarecrows, perhaps. Well, let’s
see what we can do to mellow it a little.”

He whirled up his walking-stick over his head and laid a smacking
stroke across the silk hat, smashing it over the hollow eyes of the
idol.

“Softened with the touch of time now, I think,” he remarked, holding
out the silken remnants to the gardener. “Put it on the scarecrow, my
friend; I don’t want it. You can bear witness it’s no use to me.”

Archer obeyed like an automaton, an automaton with rather round eyes.

“We must hurry up,” said the Colonel cheerfully, “I was early for
church, but I’m afraid I’m a bit late now.”

“Did you propose to attend church without a hat, sir?” asked the other.

“Certainly not. Most irreverent,” said the Colonel. “Nobody should
neglect to remove his hat on entering church. Well, if I haven’t got a
hat, I shall neglect to remove it. Where is your reasoning power this
morning? No, no, just dig up one of your cabbages.”

Once more the well-trained servant managed to repeat the word
“Cabbages” with his own strict accent; but in its constriction there
was a hint of strangulation.

“Yes, go and pull up a cabbage, there’s a good fellow,” said the
Colonel. “I must really be getting along; I believe I heard it strike
eleven.”
